[self-hosted] Streamline installation instructions (#316)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/self-hosted/1.0.0/install/01_prepare_installation.md

# Prerequisites
This document describes the prerequisites for a Gitpod installation. Upon completing the steps described herein,
you will have everything in place to successfully finish the installation.

## Kubernetes
Gitpod runs on Kubernetes where Gitpod workspaces are Kubernetes pods. Gitpod is installed on Kubernetes using Helm.
Gitpod requires **Kubernetes 1.13** or newer.

## Domain
Gitpod requires a domain resolvable by some nameserver (typically a public domain name, e.g. `your-domain.com`).
As Gitpod launches services and workspaces on additional subdomains it also needs two wildcard domains.
For example:

    your-domain.com
    *.your-domain.com
    *.ws.your-domain.com

Installing Gitpod on a subdomain works as well. For example:

    gitpod.your-domain.com
    *.gitpod.your-domain.com
    *.gitpod.ws.your-domain.com`

## User Authorization and Git Integration
Gitpod does not implement user authentication itself, but integrates with other auth provider using [OAuth2](https://oauth.net/2/).
Usually your Git hosting solution (e.g. GitHub or Gitlab) acts as OAuth auth provider. This way we control access to Gitpod while at

> the same time gaining access to the Git repositories of the hosting solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same time making sure every user has proper access to their git repositories.
```

Author: :+1:

Gitpod supports the following authentication providers:
* github.com
* GitHub Enterprise in version 2.16.x and higher
* gitlab.com
* Gitlab Community Edition in version 11.7.x and higher
* Gitlab Enterprise Edition in version 11.7.x and higher
* Bitbucket — coming soon
* Custom Auth Provider – Inquiry TypeFox for a quote

## HTTPS certificates (Optional)
While we highly recommend operating Gitpod using HTTPS, Gitpod is able to run on insecure HTTP.
The caveat of using HTTP is that the builtin Docker registry will not function as Docker/containerd do not pull from insecure registries by default.
You can either resort to using an [external registry](#docker-registry-optional) or use HTTPS. For running Gitpod on insecure HTTP, no HTTPS certificates are needed and you can skip this paragraph.

The most accessible means of obtaining HTTPS certificates is using [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/) which provides free certificats to anybody who can prove ownership of a domain.

> Gitpod requires [wildcard certificates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_certificate) (e.g. `*.ws.your-domain.com`) which are a bit cumbersome to obtain using Let's Encrypt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gitpod requires [wildcard certificates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_certificate) (e.g. `*.ws.your-domain.com`) which can be obtained via Let's Encrypt but require proof of ownership via DNS.
```

Author: :+1:
